To whoever takes over for the remainder of the project, 

Hello! My name is Ben Yurek and I was working on the technical side of this project for the last few months. I have created this repo so that you can see every file that has 
been used in the point source subtraction process. In case you ever need to reach me with any questions or explanations, email me at benjamin.yurek@gmail.com or ask Erika for
my number so you can text me. I'm less likely to see an email on my UA email, but you can also try benyurek@arizona.edu if all else fails. 

For the duration of your time on this project, most of what you'll be dealing with is the generation of the HIPS directory that will be sent in to MAST. For this generation, you will be provided with a hard drive containing files. Using a software called Aladin (If you're already familiar with it then you're off to a great start) you will input a series of commands on the lab combuter to add files into the HIPS directory. Eventually, every file from the hard drive will be included in the directory before its final submission. You will have to monitor the generation and periodically add more files making sure everything looks right as you go along. There will be a specific section of this repo dedicated to that. I can't go into detail here so feel free to navigate over there if you need more information. 

When it comes to the writing section of the project, there are a few things you will likely need to find. In the directory that this txt file resides in, you will also find comments and explanations for each of the code files that are used in the point source subtraction process. If you have any background in CS you should be fine by just looking at the files directly. I'm simply including the extra info in case you need any clarification when composing the final report. 

Additionally, there will be another directory that includes all the original code itself. I plan to name the comment files so that they match their corresponding code files. 
This way you should have no trouble keeping track of what does what. Try your best not to mess with any of the code if at all possible. I have spent a lot of time trying to 
figure out what works with our groups specific Arizona HPC group allocations and whatnot. Some of the code looks like it can be completed in a more simple way, but time and again I have thought the same thing just to run into a bug because HPC hates me. You have been warned. If you do change anything, do yourself a favor and make a copy of the original first in case something happens. 

Besides the code that I am providing in this repo, there is some more software that we have used called CloudClean. The link below this paragraph should take you to the GitHub that holds everything. I'm not sure how much of an explanation of that code Erika wants, but now you know where to find it if you need. Also if you dont want to have to come back to this file you can just type "CloudClean Andrew Saydjari" in your browser. 

https://github.com/andrew-saydjari/CloudClean.jl

Hopefully you should never have to run any of the code you find in this github, besides the Aladin commands, so the technical setup when you first start should be very straightforward. With any luck, I should have everything set up on the lab computer so you never have to do anything on your own device. But, nobody is perfect so if there's something I overlooked, feel free to reach out via the contact i provided above and I'll do my best to help you out.   

I wish you the best of luck with the finalization of the project and I hope it's smooth sailing all around. I wish I could have stuck around to see the end of everything myself but unfortunately sometimes life gets in the way. I'll be on the lookout for the final version of everything. If you're feeling really nice, I'd love to hear when everything is published, so don't hesitate to shoot me an email or text so I know where to find everything. 

Ben 
:)
