To log on to the computer, use the account with the name "Hina" in it (there's some string of numbers after the name but I'm not positive what it is) with the password Akgh2880. There is a sticky note with the password on the computer under the desk in case you forget. I believe I have already downloaded all the necessary software to complete the HIPS generation. It can be located in the main file tree under Home/Documents/HipsStuff. There are two different (.jar) files in there that you will end up using. You can relocate the sowtware storage to your liking. I just put them here for easy location. You can find Aladin on the left navigation bar on the computer home screen. The icon looks like black letters on a red background. This application will allow you to view the uncorrected files themselves or the index coverage of the whole grouping if you so choose. But, from what I could figure out, you are probably going to want to use the command line to finish the HIPS generation. For some reason the GUI has a tendency to throw errors at you and auto-abort the HIPS generation. I have been much more successful with the CLI version of Aladin. To access the command line, click the dark rectangle icon in the navigation bar. From there you can navigate to the place that the software is stored and begin processing. Obviously you don't know how to do this yet but you'll understand more soon. 

NOTE: YOU DO NOT HAVE TO USE THE COMMAND LINE IF YOU DON'T WANT TO. I'M JUST SAYING IT IS PROBABLY EASIER IF YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING!!!

If you dont know how to navigate the file tree in the command line, you should be able to open the local files with the file ican in the top of the navigation bar. From there you can find the path I described and open the CLI from the exact location in the file tree. This will eliminate your need to navigate. You'll still have to read about the commands needed to complete the generation but that is better described by the Aladin docs.  

At this point in time, you will want to read up on the Aladin documentation to become familiar with the software and the necessary commands. For more on this you should navigate to the file called "Links" in this same repo directory. There, you can find the links to Aladin documentation which will guide you through the process of creating the HIPS directory. Originally it was my plan to try to write up a very basic walktrough for you so you didn't have to read all the documentation. But, to be frank, the people that work for Aladin are going to be able to explain their software better than I can. Plus it doesn't hurt to become familiar with the software from a more thorough source, even if some of it is redundant. This shouldn't require any technical background knowledge. You won't actually be running any code, just typing in commands and submitting them. 
